altar
angel
anger
arch
arching
arm
arm at side
arm behind back
arm bent
arm bent over shoulder
arm bent upward
arm down
arm extended
armor
arm raised
arm raised at 45 degrees
arm raised at 135 degrees
arm raised horizontally
arm raised vertically
arm resting
arms at side
arms bent
arms bent upward
arms crossed
arms down
arms drawn back
arms extended
arms folded
arms raised
arms raised at 45 degrees
arms raised at 135 degrees
arms raised horizonally
arms raised horizontally
arms raised horzontally
arms raised vertically
arms reaching downward
arms resting
arms wrapped around head
arm wrapped around body
arm wrapped around head
aura
bald
bat-winged
beams of light
beard
bed
belt
bench
bending
bending backward
bending forward
bending left
bending right
bier
body horizontal
book
bound
bowl
bracing
braid
branch
bread
breasts
breeches
bud
building
bun
bundle
buried
butterfly
buttocks
button
candle
candle holder
cave
chain
chained
chair
chalice
child
Christ
church
circle
city
classical art
cliff
cloak
cloth
clothing
cloud
coffin
coil
coiled
column
contracted
corpse
counselor
crawling
crescent
cross
crouching
crown
crutch
curly hair
cushion
cypress
dagger
dancing
dark
dark-skinned
darkness
dead
descending
despair
devil
distaff
dividing
dome
door
dragon
drapery
ear
earth
embracing
encircling
eye
eyes
eyes closed
eyes down
eyes raised
facade
facing away
facing down
facing forward
facing left
facing right
facing up
falling
family
father
fear
feather
feet
feet touching
female
fighting
fingers spread
fire
fist
flame-like hair
fleeing
fleur-de-lis
floor
flower
flying
genitals
ghost
glass
goblet
Gothic art
gown
grass
grave
graveyard
grief
group of figures
halo
hand
hand beside head
hand clutching head
hand holding
handle
hand on breasts
hand on face
hand on ground
hand raised, palm down
hand raised, palm out
hand raised, palm up
hand raised palm down
hand resting
hands beside head
hands clutching head
hands on breasts
hands on face
hands on ground
hands raised, palms down
hands raised, palms out
hands raised, palms up
hands resting
hands together
harp
hat
head
head bent back
head down
head on hand
head on hands
head on shoulder
heads, multiple
head toward viewer
head up
heaven
hell
helmet
hill
hinge
holding
hood
horn
hovering
howling
hunched over
indeterminate
infant
inscription
intertwined
iron
key
king
kissing
kneeling
knife
knight
lake
lamp
lantern
leaf
leaning
left foot
leg
leg bent
leg bent forward
leg drawn up
leg extended
leg extended backward
legs bent
legs crossed
legs drawn up
legs extended
legs spread
legs together
light
lintel
lion
liquid
lizard
loincloth
long hair
looking
loop
lunging
lying
lying on side
male
man
mat
moon
moth
mother
mound
mountain
mouth open
muscular
mustache
night
nude
oak
old
open
palm
palm down
palm out
palms down
palms facing viewer
palms out
palms up
palms vertical
palm up
palm vertical
pants
partly nude
path
peacock
pen
petal
pillar
pillow
pitcher
pity
plant
plate
playing
plinth
plume
pointing
poppy
prayer
praying
priest
prone
pulling
putto
quill
radiance
reaching
reading
reclining
resting
right foot
ring
rising
river
road
roof
room
root
rope
running
scales
scarf
scepter
scroll
sea
seal
seen from behind
serpent
shackle
shadow
sheath
sheet
shield
shirt
shoe
shoes
shore
short hair
shoulder
shoulders
shovel
shroud
sitting
skeleton
skirt
sky
smiling
smoke
snake
soldier
speaking
spear
spiky
spiral
spire
spirit
spurs
staff
stairs
standing
statue
stem
step
stockings
stone
straw
stream
striding
string
sun
sunrise
sunset
supine
supporting
surprise
swaddled
sword
table
tablet
teeth
text
thorn
thread
throne
tiptoe
tomb
tombstone
touching
tracery
tree
trumpet
trumpeter
trunk
twisted
upper body
upside down
valley
veil
vine
walking
walking stick
wall
water
wind
winding
window
wine
wing
wood
worm
writing
young